All right.
So strings construction this was a really fun one mainly because it was a lot more code and I had to
write a second function to handle it.
But anyhow so what we're going to do here is have to shrink some string and a string B and we're going
to find out how many times we can build string based off the characters that are available in the string
B.
So in the ABC you'll see we have one a or two.
So that's two then two views and to see so we can build it exactly twice.
That's what we're trying to find out here.
What is the amount of strings we can extract from one string compared to the other.
Now in our example here we have five properties I use has one property push Matt but floor matt thought
Man and split.
So quite a bit going on here.
I did really enjoy this though.
So let's go ahead and
and get started.
All right.
So the way that I solve this was first I went ahead and I got a total count of the values in string
A and string beer.
So we'll start there.
We're going to create these variables.
Well call this a count and then we'll create this Rail's or call those be counted and then we assign
the values.
Now because of the logic in here being duplicated what I'm going to do is I want to write a secondary
function here.
And normally in if I was doing this and in typescript like a class Id be a private access modifier not
public function but just wanted to mention that.
So.
So this is going to be alphabet count and we're going to take in a string here like so.
All right and well we're going to do is we're going to split that string first.
So we're going to go and just call this close Chara's be the word refastened split.
And next we're going to create a object that we are then going to map the keys as well as a count to
those.
So we go ahead and create our alphabet count and this will just be set to an empty object.
Now that we've done that we're going to iterate through all our chars and then just use a For Each for
this char.
You can also of course use a form of a regular for loop and then eventually what we're going to do is
run return that alphabet count which is going to be our object with all the cues and values that we
try.
How are we going to get the cues or values simply with them are a ternary here where we're going to
say alphabet count.
Actually no no journey will do.
If else is a little bit too much alphabet counts kind of a long way.
So we're going to say alphabet count dot hands on property.
So if that is true of that char that we're checking the character where are you going to say alphabet
count already exist with that value.
And so we're just going to add 1 to it.
Else we're going to go ahead and take alphabet count for the key that doesn't exist or that character
of our count here.
And we're going to set it to 1.
So you'll see here if we just do this now and when we go ahead and call get Alf.
Whoops.
Well they're good alphabet count only pass a C will give us the value when we see it.
So without long it just to get an idea she'll see we're actually getting an object with our cues which
are characters and our values which are the count of those letters.
And we're in the same exact thing for B count.
Now we just copy this
and swap an R B string.
So now that we have those counts what we're going to do is we are going to in our eight count because
that's what we care about we want to find out how many characters for each.
How many characters in our string exists in our BE string for all the values and we're just going to
push those values to an array.
And then we're going to get the main value out of that.
And that will be the amount that we can create.
Right.
So if there's two ways to be to seize it that works to return to.
But if there's three C's to A's one B we're going to return 1 because in you know ABC There is only
enough characters for for all three of those for the one or it's going to be the lowest of value.
So now in our string's construction what we're going to do is we're in a a contest here and this is
going to be called this divisors but there's a kind of a bad name we'll call this counts.
What is zero.
All right.
And then what are you going to do.
We're going to iterate through we say let char in a count because remember we have a.
This is an object that we're iterating through the Keys in that object and say if B count has own property
char the key or the character in our string what we want to do is we want to go ahead and say divisors
or recounts dot push and we're going to take math off floor here.
The reason for it is sometimes serviette uneven amount.
And we're going to get that character value divided by that the count divided by the char count.
So we're talking about floor say count the character that exists divided by a count that exists.
Now tell us how many of those characters that we can have so like maybe there's two ways in string a
where and they have four.
This will give us the fact that now there is actually two complete strings we can build based off that
letter now else meaning it doesn't have that character at all.
We're just going to return 0 because we're done here.
It's missing a character in our string B and thus we can never have any creation's based off that.
And finally now that we have all of our values here in our array all we have to do is return the smallest
one because that means it exists for all the characters or say math doesn't mean.
And then we can just unwrap this counts and return our value and we're done.
So we get are two that are there.
So quite a bit going on this is not just a little bit and go over our logic.
We create a function that's going to make an object of our count of characters for each string and return
that and that's the first part we then have an array that we're going to store values in here we're
going to iterate through the count the eight count or the string that we are going to be matching to
and say look those are string that we're matching from B have that character.
If it does we're going to figure out how many of those that we can create and we have to floor it because
it may not be divided evenly.
If it doesn't have that character at all we're going to return 0.
Once we have all the character counts based off a and b we're in turn the smallest one because that
will be how many we can evenly Karaite.
So I like this one quite a bit.
A lot of fun.
On a side note I am I actually had this in a I had a I had this exact problem in a sort of like a for
technical interview and I finished it because I I saw it instantly and I was going to do this and they
made me an offer for sixty seven dollars an hour for a contract for all which is you know when you knock
out these technical interviews they do very well.
But you know that's just a side note.
But also we should probably assign a type here which is just going to be an object to communicate.
So it's kind of a fun one for me anyhow.